In this court of component at the moment, we just have this H1 added to the shadow route.
But our desired component looks like this, which has many elements and CCIS which will be easy to implement
with the help of template.
So let's start implementing it.
We will create a template element which will contain the design of the component.
I will create a template element here on the top.
I'll say const template is equal to document.
Dot create element inside.
I'll say template.
Let's take this H1 or XHTML on top.
Instead of H1, I will say template.
So a template is the object to which the inner HTML is assigned.
Now let's remove the Constitution.
We don't need it.
Now in this append child, I will add the template object instead of each one.
But as discussed in the previous lecture, we will have to create a clone of template and add to the
shadow dom.
So here I will say dot content.
Dot.
Clone node.
And true.
So this will create the copy of the template and will add in the shadow dom.
And now you see that the component is working, but one is removed, which is absolutely fine as let's
paste the HTML and CSS of the component inside this inner edge.
HTML.
I already have the HTML code of the component which I'm copying it and let me paste here instead of
product component.
Now let me go to the CSIS and copy the entire CSIS and paste it in the style section.
And now you see that the components shape is taken.
Now, let me also indent this style for a moment.
All right.
So now the component is in little shape.
I just want to quickly mention about the design.
The style is just padding margin and some shadow effects given you can check the resources for the code
inside HTML.
That is a division image and edge three and a paragraph with a button which is easy to understand.
You can also observe that the components are rendered now, but with the same data that is the image
and labels are the same.
Ideally, when it comes to passing the data to the element, we need attributes.
So next step we will implement attributes to pass the data for each product.